why hello there am I wearing these
glasses because I think I'm cool yeah
Who am I going to be wearing these for
the rest of the review probably do I
know that these make me look like a
douche season you were but that's not
what I'm here to talk about with you
guys I'm here to talk about Toy Story
one and two in glorious 3d now before I
get into my review I just want to admit
that Toy Story one and two are just my
favorite to Pixar movies that they've
ever done no they've made terrific films
but I feel like none of them have left
an impact on me that that Toy Story 1
and 2 has in my childhood it's just such
a two great great movies and I'm really
excited to talk about them after
watching them again in 3d and it's sad
talk bad the basic plots of the first
two films that are interesting they
really get you involved so that you can
learn about these characters get
involved with them and get thrown into
this adventure both of these adventures
that are just really great and it's
really well done now the first film
centers around just meeting the toys
woody buzz the rest of the gang and the
base of part of the film was that Andy
he's just like a normal kid and he loves
toys and woody is his favorite toy and
then one day for his birthday he gets
Buzz Lightyear this kind of
revolutionary toy and what happened is
that buzz and woody the interns a little
rivalry together and the pretty much the
whole movie they're kind of fighting
each other they hate each other but then
as the movie concludes they become you
know best friends and that's when you
find a friend in one another and just to
grew a great lesson out of that so that
was a cool plotline second uh film the
base of part of that one was that what
he gets kidnapped and this is kind of a
more adult kind of plot for the sequel
which I found all that more interesting
to be honest anyway when he gets
kidnapped by this toy collector who
needs him for his little just then
finished off the collection of the
roundup toys and what he's that final
piece and the rest of the toys they're
trying to save woody before it's too
late before he's put behind plastic and
they never see him again now that I've
gotten the part of the way it's time to
finally talk about what I liked about
these films and what I did and of course
the voice acting
I voice acting in these movies they're
terrific tim allen uh tell tom hanks
they're both terrific the rest of the
case i'm not sure i don't want to go
into all the name so that i really don't
remember them all but they all do a
terrific job they bring such a great
energy to the characters they make these
characters that kids can just love an
adult's love as well when i love about
these films was that first of all the
animation is just stunning if they even
pixar had an edge on other animation
studios back in 1997 when the first film
came out i believe i'm not sure but I'm
pretty certain the animation just
starting the way at the reflected like
how buzzed his glass you could see the
reflection in and all the shadows and
just some of the action sequences there
is breathtaking also the humor is so
sharp so really nicely written for kids
and adults both can connect with the
humor and really have a great time I
love the characters they all have
individual characteristics that make
them special and then you so that you're
capable of being involved with them and
you love them so so so much another
thing I what about the movie is this the
action sequences that Pixar does with
them they're so ambitious and they all
work so well and they take you on a ride
you feel like you're just kind of on a
roller coaster going for this ride with
characters you love and it just makes
such for an enthralling experience some
of the things I love about the movie was
the music I always loved the music of
Toy Story it always gave me that kind of
giddy feeling and I just love how the
music just kind of relates with all the
stuff going on yes that may be with
other movies as well but I feel like it
really just really really works at Toy
Story one and two but the really the big
thing that I really love about both of
these films is that they just give me
such they give me that feeling like I'm
a little little kid again just like I'm
an eight or nine and i'm watching these
movies and it's just it's such a great
feeling you feel like you can do
anything just look a kid again and the
feeling is you're so great you feel so
happy and I just love films that cheer
me up just great but of course what's
the top we need to talk about the 3d of
course to the 3d add to both of these
movies actually have to say yes
especially with us you know action
sequences they worked really really well
I remember seeing the movies in my club
these are probably look great in 3d and
of course they do the 3d just adds to
the great experience that you have with
this film
so he loved him let's get to the stuff I
didn't like about it but look there's
not really that much but I still need to
get into it what I do really didn't like
about both of these films was that I
feel like it took a little bit too long
to get going I feel the kind of started
repeating out of the same jokes
especially the second film and then they
would get to the storyline bullet that's
a little nip it but it kind of bothered
me a little but I'm just saying that
because I just kind of bothered me
nothing every we didn't like about the
film was that the villains they never
really seemed a menacing to me that that
they really were like a really big
threat that they really couldn't get
away from especially in the first though
I didn't really think that he was much
of a threat they could have just snuck
out and stuff but still nitpick nothing
really big overall toy story wanted to
their two of great pieces of animated
film making at its best absolutely well
these films to death I'm getting both of
them four stars easily if you haven't
seen in 3d or if you have it on DVD go
watch it again go have a good time feel
like a kid again because it's just a
great experience that you get from both
of these films at a great time seeing
them again in theaters and just go out
and see toy story 12 just they're just
really great movies so that's my review
of both of the films in 3d and I really
hope you take it into consideration if
you consider seeing both of those films
or not and last thing guys my website is
kind of like down on the other thing but
I find a new maker that I think allows
me to do a lot more stuff and also it
makes a lot of posting much much easier
so the link that's in the sidebar in the
case you can't find its Tom chattel bash
at ning com but it's really cool and
deftly go check it out and comment stuff
like that till next time guys I'm Tom
shadow beige u2's most reliable movie
critic
you